# Minutes from 9/27
We discussed the following miscellaneous:
* Image processing projects, and some examples of OCR with Python were shown by yours truly (Jaidon)
* Possibility of changing meeting times: Friday, or later Tuesday?
* Marketing club meetings and IEEE in classes
* Possibility of PLC projects and remote collaboration on code
* Stu possibly talking about cyber security and iot

We talked a bit about parts distribution:
* Parts list surveys
* Prebuilt kits
* Tm4c and basic parts for all

And the following about the sorter specifically:
* PCB progress (completed and functional)
* Cody will try to benchtest this week
* Cody and Nhat will collaborate on agitator
* 3D printing logistics issues (shipping costs, time)
* Jaidon will package PCBs for shipping
* Ian possibly collaborating with Mathew

Below are upcoming club events:
* Soldering tutorial Wednesday at 6
* EWU IEEE story by Easterner magazine in progress
* SAIL meeting Wednesday

We discussed the following possible new projects:
* Weather station
* Music and sound
* Guitar pedals
* Cyber security
* Halloween project
* Lighting driver

Attendance:
* Jaidon
* Chris
* Cody
* Nhat
* Mathew

Ieee members:
* Jaidon
* Chris
* Cody
* Amy
* Nhat
* Michael
 
